#summary Dictionary of the project.

= List of terms being used in project: =

----
----

== Actors ==

*User* - person who uses System.

*Scientist* - person who can use Workflow to run simulation through Terminal using Client.

*Administrator* - person responsible for configuration of the Workflow.

*Workflow Manager* - program which controls Workflow. Responsible for sending commands and parameters to particular parts.

*Recovery Manager* - program which performs all tasks in order to assure safe recovery in case of crush during execution modules of Workflow Sequence.

----
----

== Layers ==

*System* - all resources and programs used in order to achieve project's aims. Organised, logically in three layers: access, controlling and calculating one. 

----
===Access layer===

*Client* - program which gives Scientist possibility to remotely run simulation or Administrator to change settings of Workflow.

*Terminal* - place where Client runs.
----
===Control layer===

*Workflow* - all entities: programs and modules controlling and performing simulations scientist task.  

*Workflow Server* - logical machine where Workflow runs.

*Workflow Sequence* - ordered, connected list of programs performing actual work of system. Sequence of steps necessary to finish task. Set up by Administrator.

*Simulation* - all start parameters needed in Workflow Sequence plus scientist id. May be considered as a instance of Workflow Sequence.  

*Simulations Queue* - queue of Simulations in Workflow sent by Scientist waiting for execution.

*Module* - single unit-program within Workflow Sequence added by Administrator.

----
===Calculation layer===

*Calculation Server* - logical place where modules' calculations are being performed.